Commuan Original
Together with
Attitude Clinic
Subway Chiang Mai
Present
Self เราเห็นนาย (I see you)
Supported by Attitude Clinic
Shine your attitude reveal your true beauty
Why do you take the gun out here? to play?
You think I'm playing?
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Why are you talking to June?
Hey.. please listen to me.
before I came to meet you at your dorm
I met June first..
And he was the one who gave me your address.
Why did you do this?
Well, June's just being a nice person..
If there is anything about you, I just ask him.
The reason I didn't tell you is because I don't want you to get in trouble with him.
Then do you know?
this fucking asshole June,
is P'Fei's brother.
June : P'Tang, it's me June..
The Final Decision
It's very hot these days.
If we can go to some place cool..
with comfortable weather.. that would be good,
What's that? Mom..
Well..
I don't even know either
Japan!!!!
Are you for real??
Hey mom!!!
Didn't you say that you'll wait for the bonus first?
I found the fire sale tickets
thank you!!!!!
Thank you, mom / Don't mind that
I'm glad to see you guys happy,
well.. go have your dinner
okay, ma'am!
Let's eat
Yeah let's eat!
Mom..
there is a guy at school who reads manga like dad too.
you mean Dragon Ball?
Yes... you know it too?
Of course! your dad likes it a lot.
There's plenty of them in his room. You just haven't went there.
Anyway… who are you going to read  with?
Read with who huh??
There's no one!
Hmm? / Shut up, June...
Well...can I go upstairs and read them?
Why not! that's fine by me..
I'm just worry about you. After your father died, you never spoke of him no more.
Whenever I talk about him, you always  feel sad.
Umm.. being sad is no good, mom.
just considering it as opening-up for new things!
What are you looking at, June?
May I go to dad's room. / Sure :)
I like you, Neo
I think of you as just a bro.
Have you tried to open your heart to me yet?
Please stop messing with me
P'Fei..
I saw you arguing with him..
An asshole like him..
Don't talk about Neo that way, dude
He didn't do anything wrong.
Can you just give up on him?
If it was that easy...I would have done it a long time ago, June.
But I won't give up
This is just easy peasy.
Just leave us alone.
June, let's bring the luggage upstairs to prepare. Okay?
Okay, mom
Hello.
Hello,
Is that the parent of Intouch Sae-pong?
Yes. Is there anything wrong?
Well, there's an accident of him.
Can you please come to the crime scene?
WHAT???
Is it true?
What happened? / Who was it?
What happened?
Why is there the blood all over?
Police : Who witnessed the event?
And who is that student?
Hey, what's wrong with him?
Calm down
Fei!!!!
Who is that in student uniform?
Calm down
Fei!!  It's really Fei!!
Officer!! He is my son!!!
Ma'am, calm down
Fei!!!!!!
Please stay away..
Fei!!!!!!!!!!
You can't get in now, ma'am.
Calm down ma'am
Please let the officers do their duty first.
Fei!!!!!!!!
Don't take photos. Don't take photos.
You can't go in there now, ma'am.
Fei!!!!
Ma'am, take it easy,
what's wrong?? / What's going on
Do not take the photos!
Heard that he was pushing down by that guy in student uniform.
Let me in!! My son!!
Blood all over the floor
Let the officers do their duty first.
(Fei must not die for free)
(Neo must be responsible for this)
(Neo Wiang Panya)
Please calm down, Neo.
I really don't know that June is the younger brother of Fei.
Umm, you really didn't do anything wrong.
Right, that's why you should take it easy.
But it's June's fault all along!!
He wants you to leave me alone!
So..
I'm going to get rid of him!!
I will kill him!!!!
If you're going to kill him,
You just shoot me.
Get out of my way!
No!
Please just let him go
I'm right here with you.
That's enough, isn't it?
I'm sorry I talked to him.
But can you please don't go..
Promise me you won't go
Okay.
You for real?
Neo : I have to talk to you
(June read)
June : Meet me at the place
June : that you killed P'Fei
Tang : Where are you?
Tang : You promised me you won't go.
(Neo)
(Fei.. because of you! I will kill you P'Fei!! Why you spread rumors to others that we had sex??? Fuck you! I'll kill you! Bastard!)
June : I'm here. When will you come?
June : Or you admit that you kill P'Fei??
June : Will you stop lying to P'Tang? He doesn't believe you!
Neo : Wait for me there!
Damn June!!!!!!
What the fuck do you want from me?
See? Everyone look at him.
Killer's face
(June be careful!)
I told you I didn't do it!
(June.. how come are you there?)
(Dude! this's so scary)
I didn't kill p'Fei
(Neo actually did it!)
The police have evidence..
(Murderer!!)
that I did not do it
What the fuck do you want from me?
(Is this the real situation?)
Finally... you've shown your dark self.
If you want me to stop messing with you,
just admit..
that you killed my brother!!!
I told you I didn't do it. I didn't kill Fei,
Do you know..
how much does P'Fei love you?
He would do anything for you.
If you didn't love him
just reject him!
Why do you make it to be like this?
I told you I didn't do it!!
The police have the proof that I didn't do anything.
That day, it was just you and P'Fei all alone.
You could say anything.
But you know what
Since P'Fei died
My mom went crazy
Fei!!!!! / Don't take photos,  please
You can't get in there now.
And do you know?...how long I have to live like this,
June..
Did Fei tell you the time he will be back?
Let's prepare to go to Japan okay?
Mom..
You killed P'Fei! Just accepted it.
But you can't make me accept the thing I didn't do!
You're a murderer!
Everyone hates you!
Everyone! you guys see that he has a gun right?
(So.. it's Neo right?) (We miss Fei)
Please call the police to arrest him.
This motherfucker is a true murderer!
Does everyone still believe him?
A guy like you do not deserve to be alive!
Nobody wants to be with you!
Fuck! This is all because of you!
Even your family..
also left you to die alone!
Don't!! Neo,
Let go!
What the fuck you think you doing?
I have to be responsible for all of this..
Listen to me
You didn't do anything wrong!
P'Tang..
I didn't mean to
P'Tang!!!
Do you still believe him?
Don't you see that he..
Shut the fuck up, June!
I'm so sorry..
Neo,
you didn't do anything wrong...
I don't have to apologize anymore.
I want you to believe me
the person who always be with you
the person who truly see that you mean no harm
but you're the one who really cares other people gentlely.
I don't know what will happen after this..
but I'll be by your side..
like you being by my side all along.
Everyone.. I'm sorry that I couldn't reclaim justice for P'Fei.
(Anyone call police??) (Don't blame yourself)
I don't know..
what to live for?
May my death be..
be their fault!
Hey, don't!!!
Well, I'm a murderer!!
I admit it.
Do anything change then?
Will P'Fei revive?
Will your mother be happy?
I live after that day..
with the feeling of me being a murderer..
I feel guilty
I'm sorry that I couldn't stop P'Fei in time.
I don't want P'Fei to be gone from my life.
Please stay alive..
For P'Fei..
Keep on living..
Want to shout out loud?
And if there is a wall, you'll be ready to crash through.
But no one cares what you do.
You must be missing someone you never knew, never seen..
Never judge what you've been.
(Documents for school registration)
That make this person..
become a villain.
And live without a heart for anyone to love
I want to tell you that I see you there
I want you to know that when you turn around you will see me
Standing out the window and still waiting
'Cause I know we'll have a brighter day
But if there's not one person left to trust..
Can I be that one you could trust?
Self เราเห็นนาย
(Self, I see you)